Dan: Yellow.
Tina Marie: Purple.
Dan: I know.
Tina Marie: Oh, my gosh! I hate! I have always hated taking my kids to school because I hate them being there, and
Tina Marie: I would homeschool them if they wanted to, and I have done it with all of them at 1 point or another.
Tina Marie: But
Tina Marie: this child she's like talking about one of her classes. She hates being in. She loves the teacher, but she's like there's so much cussing and slurs, and these people that just delight in trying to get people to kill themselves. And I'm like, what did you say.
Dan: He says, Yeah.
Tina Marie: They just sit there and they brag about how they, this one girl was so proud that she convinced another girl to split her wrist in front of oh, I can't. I'm gonna cry.
Tina Marie: really.
Tina Marie: Yeah, really.
Dan: Jikes.
Tina Marie: Like.
Dan: Yeah, he knew Oregon was so dark.
Tina Marie: I don't.
Tina Marie: Oh, it's not just Oregon. It's where I live. We rank in the CIA has a list, and it's we're in the top 5 in the nation for domestic violence, like, I live in a fucking cesspool, and you have no idea how hard it has been to be a person trying to grow my light in this place.
Tina Marie: I hate it, it destroys people.
Tina Marie: And I've got these babies here fighting
Tina Marie: basically Satan's demon for a father who has corrupted to my older girls like, I'm in a battle for spirits on a fucking daily basis.
Tina Marie: and it is just heartbreaking.
Tina Marie: They're so smart like they've been at the top of their classes all the way up to. They get about middle school, and that's when their spirits just start to like, shrink and realize, like how bad everything is around them. The the kids that
Tina Marie: have really strong spiritual families and and big ones. They do well, because they've got a lot of guarding, you know, but it's just me I'm I'm the only one trying to do anything good in our
Tina Marie: in our house.
Tina Marie: and then they go to their dad's, and he is one of the filthiest people. He wasn't that way when I met him.
Tina Marie: but he just started down that path and just got darker and darker and darker, and
Tina Marie: anyway, 3 more years. I'll get out of here
Tina Marie: here, and I am doing everything I can for my girls. But
Tina Marie: I'm counting on the Scripture that says, Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it. Because
Tina Marie: right now there's a lot of departing.
Tina Marie: It's crazy, all these poor kids dealing with some insanity.
Tina Marie: So yeah, so that's why I asked you about Abel and Mary. I'm like, I'm just glad that they've got you
Tina Marie: like moms barely stand a chance, because it's just a natural thing for girls to be at opposition with each other.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: But yeah, so that that male role balance. Oh, there's my guy. I'm gonna have to
Tina Marie: text him. He'll call him back my Dexter. Oh.
Tina Marie: let me message him real quick.
Tina Marie: so I don't know how to do this with zoom.
Tina Marie: One thing in.
Tina Marie: Okay, let me switch off the car, did I? I still got you.
Dan: Yep.
Tina Marie: Okay, cool. Oh, wait.
Tina Marie: It didn't change until Speaker. Okay, cool already. Then
Tina Marie: I I'm gonna be I don't even know how many hours I'm spending at the terminal. I am like dreaming about
Tina Marie: being at the console in the middle of the night. I got up the other night. I had to use the restroom, and instead of going to bed, how to get in here?
Tina Marie: Walk to my desk, Dan.
Tina Marie: Okay, 3 o'clock in the morning, because I was
Tina Marie: like it was just the conversation just keeps continuing in my head all day long.
Tina Marie: and so I woke up, and I'm still having it. I'm like this is my habit. I do that, and then I go back to work, and
Tina Marie: I'm like, Oh, no, I'm supposed to go back to bed.
Dan: For real.
Tina Marie: Yeah, as A is a little weird.
Tina Marie: anyway. It's Claude. So you've got it. It's just like
Tina Marie: play with it, just to see what it could do out of curiosity, even if it's just a
Tina Marie: have ideas about how Eric might use it, because nobody thinks like you do.
Tina Marie: They might get the applications. Norio probably would.
Dan: Uses it. Norio's having. He's he
Dan: uses that with something else. And that's what he was training the sod. And those guys.
Tina Marie: It's only been available for 2 days.
Dan: No, no, he was using the original. Claude, he said, was the best one for writing code. Even before that.
Tina Marie: Right. What I'm saying is this, no, I know
Tina Marie: in the terminal it's so nuts it. It not only does. Okay. So it maps out.
Dan: I'll literally never use it. I can tell you that right now.
Tina Marie: That's okay.
Dan: 0 interest. I'm like, Nope, I'm not.
Tina Marie: I don't have.
Dan: Norio's.
Tina Marie: Well, I mean cause like like I said when I was 8, that's when I 1st learned how to code in basic. And so I've never been like
Tina Marie: the one that wants to sit there and read all the books. I'll just read enough to go do what I want to do.
Tina Marie: But yeah, it's fun, anyway. I better let me go get my notes. Trip over dogs first.st
Tina Marie: So book status 1st they were reviewing it. Have they got back to you?
Dan: No, but I hadn't.
Dan: This woman laid it all out like it's already done.
Dan: So I'm like, all right. If they've got.
Tina Marie: The designer girl.
Dan: Yep, she's done. And then I mean, I think I get. If they have edits, then I'm gonna do the edits. If they don't have edits. Then I'm gonna go in and give her a final
Dan: round of notes like, Hey, put a page break here, and then there's 1 there's these call outs that I'm like, let's see what we can do
Dan: to make maybe highlight those a little more. But
Dan: see what she comes up with.
Dan: or there might be something built into the template that I I didn't really get too deep into the template, but the template had a bunch of parts already built that you can use that she did use.
Dan: So then that would be done.
Dan: So I mean, it's like 95% done.
Tina Marie: That's awesome. Where am I?
Dan: I have not read it.
Dan: I'm like I've never read, I mean I read it as I did it, but.
Tina Marie: Yeah, it's funny how it changes when you look at it. You know, as a complete thing.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, I read it once, and then that made me reorganize it. And then I was like, All right. This is more
Dan: logical organization.
Tina Marie: Okay, it's just loading my billions of tabs.
Tina Marie: How many there actually are? Does it count it?
Tina Marie: No, I bet there's probably 50
Tina Marie: in this browser. Any of my notes, though. Sorry. Thank you for bearing with me also. Let me, I wanna look at when my flight is cause. I was just thinking about it. I might be in the airport or driving next week, so we could at least have some kind of conversation and update.
Tina Marie: and that could managed to find a few questions to be like what you doing with that dancer.
Dan: Nope.
Tina Marie: And oh, how's the have we got anything from Greg for what you did?
Tina Marie: Okay, hold on.
Tina Marie: So we had.
Tina Marie: Do you have the example sites for suite law.
Tina Marie: But did we.
Dan: Over today.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay, I haven't seen that yet. Okay, this is definitely not law for me.
Dan: Yes, that he it's the essence of what Mark sent for. Sure.
Tina Marie: Oh, wow!
Tina Marie: There's no trophy, but it definitely has a lot of free, a lot of a lot of free, a lot of feel get paid, not played.
Tina Marie: I wonder if he's seen that which.
Dan: I don't think so.
Tina Marie: Oh, I'm about to give him a second.
Dan: He usually no, he's he usually responds to me like really quick.
Dan: So cause he sent over something else separately to me and Eric, and then.
Dan: But it was like, we're getting this. So there was very limited communication. So I'm like he must be doing something.
Tina Marie: He's a busy boy.
Dan: He's really not. But.
Tina Marie: He busies himself.
Tina Marie: He is a busy boy. He's just doing
Tina Marie: lots of other things from home, and a lot of it is Channel related, or break in, related.
Dan: Yeah, exactly.
Tina Marie: It's not on. I wasn't saying he's a busy boy for Sweetlaw.
Dan: No, no, I know that's what Salka always is like. Mark's always. He's like he does all this other shit.
Dan: And a lot of it's Chona. He's like he does all this shit for Chona.
Tina Marie: Yeah, it's not the worst thing in the world to like.
Tina Marie: Try to serve your wife if you don't, wanna
Tina Marie: you know, be divorced, not saying that that's his job or his thing. But there are worse ways to spend your time.
Dan: Oh, yeah, for sure.
Tina Marie: And now I'm working on the other end of it, trying to help the situation.
Tina Marie: She's doing really good right now, though.
Dan: She's still working at. What's his name's office, or whatever.
Dan: Yeah. Yeah. So she's got
Tina Marie: That really wasn't working out super. Well, there's lots of little issues about it. But he
Tina Marie: is a pacifist, basically.
Tina Marie: So he has to be strong armed into taking action. But Shona's got that in her. And so she
Tina Marie: hired somebody last Friday and basically is gonna start building her own things her way. But she didn't have
Tina Marie: the confidence to do all of these things like she's got a lot of breaking down of walls and
Tina Marie: negative beliefs that had to happen, and then
Tina Marie: self-discipline. But the self-discipline, a lot of it, was around the limiting beliefs.
Tina Marie: So
Tina Marie: This is the 1st time that she sounded strong for consecutive weeks, and it's been 3 consecutive weeks, like at no point since I started working with her in September. Has she sounded strong
Tina Marie: for multiple days and weeks in a row.
Tina Marie: and she does now, and I know that pattern.
Tina Marie: There will be more valleys, you know, more issues.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: But she has established a pattern of. She will get over it and fix it as long as she keeps being supported.
Tina Marie: So I mean, I've worked with so many people, whether it's personally or professionally to know that I can
Tina Marie: trust that pattern.
Tina Marie: She's got Mark, and
Tina Marie: as long as they can keep working together and not sabotage anything. I think it's gonna be awesome.
Dan: It'll take a while, but it should be worth it.
Tina Marie: It would make me really happy to see that for him, too.
Dan: Sure.
Tina Marie: I like him not being Eeyore.
Dan: Yeah, that's definitely gone.
Tina Marie: Yeah. It creeps in once in a while.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: But it never lasts. Even the full call.
Dan: Right, exactly.
Tina Marie: Yeah, it's and it's crazy, too, because that really was his kind of mo.
Dan: Oh, yeah, like, the entire.
Tina Marie: So. Yeah, this is my favorite thing is watching people like literally be happier. Not that
Tina Marie: I did that.
Tina Marie: I just love watching it, you know.
Dan: Sure. Yeah.
Tina Marie: Okay, where's this?
Tina Marie: I'll ask, lead, flow, a book.
Tina Marie: What's today? The 27th to you?
Tina Marie: 27, no, not 2427, 25
Tina Marie: oops! That's the wrong one. Dang it!
Tina Marie: So!
Tina Marie: Oh, can I see a can I see what it looks like?
Dan: No cause. It's in designer, and
Dan: I don't. I can export it and send you a copy. I don't think I've done that.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah. Please.
Dan: Yeah, no, I mean, I'm on my phone so I can't do right now.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay, I'll email you.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Please send.
Dan: How's Denise doing she's good, I would say.
Tina Marie: And Lisa.
Dan: My sister.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: She's not so good.
Tina Marie: Working on.
Dan: Hey?
Dan: Because she can't get a job. I'm like, I hate to break it to you, girl, but you're 58. No one wants to hire you
Dan: you've got. That's your biggest thing, right? So she's gotten down the line with many a job.
Dan: and they all
Dan: she like at least 2 or 3 times. She's like, I'm gonna get this. And then they're like, we're gonna go in a different direction
Dan: kind of thing.
Dan: And I'm like, it's because you're 58, and they don't want to pay you
Dan: $200,000 when they can pay a 28 year old. Half that.
Tina Marie: And they obviously don't really value your job or your experience, because they're making a monetary decision.
Dan: So she's doing that coaching thing. She did a coaching thing with her friend. They did it, I don't know in the fall or something.
Dan: and I guess it. I guess it was all right.
Dan: So then they are.
Dan: So they did it in the fall. I think I think it was a live event.
Dan: Maybe it wasn't. Maybe it was virtual, but they're they're doing it again. So I think they sold like 15, and then they're doing one in the Uk. Or for the Uk. Not in the well, maybe it is in the Uk, but it it's for the Uk for sure.
Dan: So I mean, that's kind of working.
Dan: But I don't.
Dan: You know I was like, Hey, you need like a brand. And you need like a name. You need products like
Dan: you gotta think so. Then she went back. She started going through the Fletcher shit again, I think, and now she's like, Oh, I get it. Now, I'm like, Yeah, it makes more sense when you're, you know, have
Dan: something to apply it to.
Tina Marie: It's it's all perspective, right? Relativity. Like, she's never yeah, like you said something to apply it to.
Dan: Yeah. So I was like, look.
Dan: here's the deal like you should not be doing this with your friend. That's your 1st mistake.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: She's like. No, it's it's fine, I said. No, it's not. I'm like you're 58 in, you know.
Dan: Human years.
Dan: let's call it. But I'm like you're 20 in entrepreneur years, which means you're going to make a 20 year old's mistakes.
Dan: because even though you're 58 by the calendar, you're not when it comes to entrepreneurial experience. So there's every. I have every belief
Dan: that you will make Rookie mistakes because you are a rookie.
Dan: and you're making one. And that's partnering with someone that you don't really know that you've never like. You're that you're not thinking of the
Dan: the repercussions of doing this because everyone does.
Tina Marie: Welfare. You're gonna put above the business like.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, it's just. It's just a cliche mistake.
Dan: So I was like, you need to. You can do this, but you have to you should be building your own offer. So you guys do this together. And then you're you have an off ramp to your own thing. That's not so you guys can have this dual brand type type of thing. But then you're doing one on one coaching outside of it that she gets no part of.
Dan: and vice versa. She should do the same thing.
Dan: and then maybe it does work out, I mean, but you you just gotta be cognizant of that.
Dan: So I mean she was working on that. I was like, maybe like 2 weeks ago, or something.
Tina Marie: Well.
Dan: I think I did 2. I had like 2 calls with her.
Tina Marie: The offer is still on the table, and it probably would be even more powerful to do it, like all the 3 of us, because, you know, we riff off each other, you definitely have different ideas and thoughts and push back when I've got something that maybe I could be looking at differently, but likewise right.
Dan: Oh, yeah, I mean, I was like.
Tina Marie: For free.
Dan: It's like, build it in circle. Trust me, like, blah. Blah. So
Dan: yeah, I just I don't know when this next one is the I mean, it's like high ticket.
Dan: Think it was like 1,500 bucks or something.
Dan: I go. I mean, I'm like, you're onto something. You just need to dial it in. Then they showed me, like this competitor person, that
Dan: I think.
Tina Marie: Do anything. Sorry I keep cutting you off. Sorry. Keep going.
Dan: No, I mean, I'm just saying they showed me, and I was like, I don't really understand what this person's doing like. I mean, I sort of get it, but I sort of don't.
Dan: But it they were in sort of the same niche, which is like women, probably 40 and up.
Dan: that are either professional and looking to go private or on their own, or they're professional looking to change jobs or like it's I don't wanna say like life change. But you know I'm like, you gotta you gotta dial in on that. And then
Dan: they got some really good feedback from people. I don't. I don't remember what it was exactly, but it was not what they thought it was going to be. And I'm like, Well, that's
Dan: that's the gold, right? You can't.
Dan: You can't predict.
Dan: but you can define your avatar, but you're you. You can really define your avatar by listening to them.
Tina Marie: Yeah, and then.
Dan: So there's that. So I don't know. We'll see.
Tina Marie: Well, what I was gonna say is that
Tina Marie: I think she, like most people.
Tina Marie: need to hear it from somebody who's not their family right, because there's a level of trust that
Tina Marie: maybe their family
Tina Marie: sees them differently. Sees them better than the rest of the world will see them or is oversimplifying, but also people just tend to discount
Tina Marie: their family
Tina Marie: and their wisdom and their knowledge. But the other thing is, I think women automatically don't give full weight to a man's perspective in business
Tina Marie: for good reason, but also bad reason. Right is that
Tina Marie: our experience is different. But a lot of the reason why it's different is because we see it differently rather than assume it could be the same for us. That's the thing that I have had the experience of. So
Tina Marie: the business world does perceive me and receive me differently. But not all so in general. That is true. I won't be as respected automatically. I won't be paid as well automatically in general, on average.
Tina Marie: But there is a bubble Venn diagram right where none of that's true.
Tina Marie: and I don't need the entire circle to welcome me, to pay me all these things. I only need a portion of it, and that, I think, is what people overlook.
Tina Marie: They they wait their opinions on averages
Tina Marie: where the average isn't the goal wasn't the goal. In the 1st place, they're not the average. And so, anyway.
Tina Marie: but
Tina Marie: to hear that from one who's not her family, and 2 who's female might just take down enough of the mental walls and give her enough confidence. I'll give you an example. So
Tina Marie: Dexter would always tell me, and this is before we were anything.
Tina Marie: How smart I was, and how well I would do in like more of a corporate environment that I would get paid so much more that I was smarter than X amount of people, and that I was just really
Tina Marie: selling myself short, being in this. I am world where you know people, just whatever marketers world's just kind of accessible.
Tina Marie: and
Tina Marie: I took some confidence and value from that. But then a woman told me, she said, Tina, you're smarter than most of the people. I pay like 2 or $300 an hour.
Tina Marie: and that changed me immediately. I
Tina Marie: had I just I just basically like my whole attitude and demeanor shifted. That's when I basically told Ryan Moran and his partner, who ended up, you know, being able to sell their company, that I helped them build and multiply very quickly. Matt gave me a testimonial for it, and then they they sold it for 10 million dollars, like a year later.
Tina Marie: from Startup, from scratch right?
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Told them like my $15 an hour wasn't enough, and I wanted $40 an hour, and they're like scoffed. And and then, so I left, and then the next time they tried to hire me it was for $100 an hour, and I said no.
Tina Marie: and then Ryan tried to give me 30% of his company to come, manage it and run it in Austin.
Tina Marie: But my point is that it was one lady's comment.
Tina Marie: and it was because she ran business, and I believed her. That literally changed
Tina Marie: the way that I operated from that point forward. Not just my thoughts, but it came out energetically that basically big fuck you sign across my head. I know I'm swearing a lot, but so that's my point. Is that
Tina Marie: I don't know, but anyway, I'm not, you know, trying to find a new client or anything. Lisa would not be ideal. I don't want to be paid, but I would, if she wants any support, and even just a couple of calls with the 2 of us together might help give her some momentum, and I would just be really happy to see that. So that's on the table again, if she wants it.
Dan: I mean, you can talk to her. I'm not going to perfect.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Thank you, Jeff.
Dan: like you just said it might come better coming from you. I mean, she can hit me up anytime she wants right. So I'm like man, and she knows that.
Tina Marie: My, my whole point is just that us.
Dan: I don't know. I mean I I just don't. We're right. I don't know the answer. I don't know if she wants help. I don't know if she right. It's like
Dan: I'm not going to
Dan: if she wants. I that's the whole thing. If someone wants to talk to me, they just need to text me.
Dan: and I'll talk to them right. But I'm not.
Dan: I'm not gonna be like, oh, let's let me let me help you get this train on the tracks, because I, to be honest, I already tried to do that, and she
Dan: didn't listen to me. So I'm like.
Tina Marie: You should.
Dan: Been doing this the entire time. You've had a Sabbatical. You should have been chipping away at this for a year.
Tina Marie: You know what I feel that very much.
Dan: That you're now like doing the
Dan: the final paper cram, which is fine. I mean, you get it done.
Dan: But you, you know, in business. It's like you could have had a year of feedback a year.
Dan: you know. Potential lead a year of your flag being out there, being flown for people to whatever.
Dan: And I did tell her. You know I'm like, if you
Dan: you know, if you if you put this out there, it will come back to you. You just haven't been putting it out there. So like you have to do the work, and you have to put it out there energetically and like literally.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Dan: But you know, they built a website. It's terrible.
Dan: And it was like, they need the website the next day. I'm like, what are you doing.
Tina Marie: Oh, my
Tina Marie: gosh, you're right. Some people just really have to learn the hard way. And in fact, most people do so.
Tina Marie: When they really want the help, and they're really ready for it. They'll ask for it. You're right.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: You're right. When you're right. You're right. Okay, I get it.
Dan: Yeah, I know.
Dan: And so and I don't.
Dan: Yeah, I don't know.
Dan: And you know, I'm not trying to do anything new. So I'm like whatever. I'll help her? She asked. But I'm certainly not gonna go create a work for myself.
Tina Marie: Right.
Tina Marie: Dang it! I just had it in my brain. Hold on! Wait! I gotta go look at it again.
Tina Marie: No, it wasn't there. I just
Tina Marie: had a freaking thought that I wanted to ask you. Oh, touch bot!
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Where are we at? With that mark has to do something right.
Dan: Nope.
Dan: So Eric Eric's building it in in suite.
Tina Marie: Right? Okay.
Dan: I don't know where it's at.
Dan: We can. It's in teamwork, but I I don't know where it's at.
Dan: I know he's I know.
Tina Marie: Is it? It's not on your rocks, though, is it? Is it? On the spreadsheet? You guys go over on Monday, calls.
Dan: No.
Tina Marie: Alright!
Dan: Because there is not a basis thing.
Tina Marie: I wonder if I look up Touchbot.
Tina Marie: Right?
Tina Marie: Let's Bob. All products doesn't come up there. I don't even know how I would find it.
Dan: Me, either, because I don't go into teamwork ever.
Tina Marie: Let's see. Assigned to filter assigned to Eric.
Dan: I mean it would most likely be in suite law, and I can't imagine there's many tasks in there.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah, I know what I'm supposed to add. Oh, build, touch, bot, and lead flowy due tomorrow.
Tina Marie: No comments.
Dan: He usually just comments done.
Tina Marie: Stacy asked me about something that
Tina Marie: she said was referred out to me.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: I'm gonna go read this.
Dan: It's literally referred out.
Tina Marie: Yeah, no, I'm reading it.
Dan: Oh, yeah, that was.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: It's.
Tina Marie: Sure.
Tina Marie: but I don't know when that got referred to me, or how we're supposed to do this. Let's see.
Tina Marie: Robert circling by. We created a very simple
Tina Marie: refer out, lead information.
Dan: So it's like when Mark brought it up on our call. So it was like a task that came from our call.
Dan: like in October
Dan: 1st or September a long time ago. I mean, you could probably look at when that task was created. It was right around then.
Tina Marie: 3 months ago.
Dan: Okay. And it's Hey, I don't want them dealing with people that can be referred out. I want them to send the people that have the potential to be referred out back to intake
Dan: and intake. You know
Dan: I can't think everyone's name all of a sudden. But the intake people would be like, Oh, this is, I'm calling this person because they can be potentially referred out.
Dan: So then they would call them up and say, Do you want us to send you another. Imagine this is how it goes. He didn't want Robert's people to be having referred out conversations, but they get people that in the conversation that they're in, that they're like, oh, this person could be referred out. So then mark one of those sent back
Dan: too sweet little.
Tina Marie: I think you cut out. You said Mark wanted them to be referred out to Sweetlaw, or something.
Dan: He never responds, and I go, and so we kicked it back to you. So I'm like this is of that call like I don't know what else to do here, like I'm communicating directly with Mark, and he like, never answers, I'm like, Bro. What are we doing? So anyway? It's just sitting there. Maybe he doesn't want it, but every time I ask him he says he wants to do it. I'm like, Okay, well, let's do it. Let's close the loop.
Dan: and it's he has to talk to Robert. Robert won't communicate with Eric and I,
Dan: which is fine. I don't really want to talk to him, anyway.
Tina Marie: All right referred out. So it was created where to go.
Tina Marie: Originally, 6 months ago.
Dan: Oh, yeah.
Tina Marie: July 26, th 24.
Dan: Yup!
Tina Marie: Let me go here.
Tina Marie: 6.
Tina Marie: Now I'm not. 7, 7, 2624 updating.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay. So we will bring that up on our call
Tina Marie: migrate, hit and run from Lp. To cornerstone.
Dan: Oh, that that's done!
Tina Marie: Okay?
Tina Marie: I will reply to Stacy because she asked you. That's Stacey downstair. This is done.
Tina Marie: and then figure out how to back, categorize accident. New post that was done, too. Right.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Well, not abhishek at Stacey.
Tina Marie: This can be a spout.
Tina Marie: So
Tina Marie: QR. Code for gift cards. That was something we're still talking about. I haven't been bringing it up, because touch bot has to be built first.st
Dan: Yeah, exactly.
Tina Marie: Website, Chat support data.
Dan: I think that's done
Dan: excellent. Oh.
Tina Marie: There's no comments on it.
Dan: It says we need to take it.
Dan: I think there were 2 tasks. Sometimes multiple tasks get created. And it's like, no, that's actually one thing so pretty sure he did it. Put it live yesterday.
Tina Marie: Have a shag, jeez Eric. There we go.
Tina Marie: Abshek's name just wants to keep like getting selected when I'm.
Dan: That's funny.
Dan: because I can never get him to come up with the letter a. I always have to do UNO.
Tina Marie: So, and then it but sorry.
Dan: No, that's what else.
Tina Marie: Typing Eric and Stacy, and his name keeps selecting.
Dan: That's funny.
Tina Marie: Yeah, okay. Alright, that's everything for them.
Tina Marie: Now my doggies are gonna go bonkers. Oh, I bet you that's my other daughter coming home, bucks.
Tina Marie: They're gonna lose their minds until she finally walks in the door and hands on.
Tina Marie: Sorry.
Dan: Worse!
Tina Marie: Aphrodite. They just have such high pitched, and when they do that, when I'm next to them, I leap out of my skin.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah, she's there. Okay,
Tina Marie: so is there anything going on with Socco? Like, we never talk about him anymore? I know you still talk to him. But like, are you still doing leads for him like what's
Tina Marie: what's going on there.
Dan: No, I don't really do leads for him like we. We tried to do some of these fire leads, but
Dan: Facebook is like they wouldn't let me upload videos to this ads account like at all. I was creating it. And I'm like dude. I don't. It just won't. Fucking work. There's no reason. I don't know why it just I upload the video and then it says it it. They're not there. They're not available. So like, I can't run the video ads. And I know the video ads are what work.
Dan: And then he was like, screw it. It doesn't matter that he's like it's such a. It's like a swarm of activity on the ground. He's like, we're not gonna get any leads, anyway. So that was like recently. And then but I haven't generated leads for him for like a year at least.
Dan: I know that he's, you know. He's still. He works with Mark every week.
Dan: but he's like, you know, it's he's like I got it down to like 5 HA week, or something, and blah! Blah! We don't really talk too much about that.
Dan: and then he's you know. His dad passed away, and he's been dealing with. He had that. And then he's dealing with his mom, being a widow, and
Dan: Yada Yada life.
Tina Marie: Yeah, life be life. And on people hang on one sec. I'm gonna mute. So I can tell my daughter something.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: It's 1 of those days, Dan, appreciate you.
Dan: Oh, no worries.
Tina Marie: Okay, thank you, Dan.
Tina Marie: And you know, launching kids is a busy time, and I've been doing it for the last 6 years. Do you know what else? I've been a mom for 27 years I've been raising kids for 27 years.
Dan: Lot of years.
Tina Marie: It's I'm fine. Everything's fine. I love my doggies. He's so cute. I have to send you pictures later. Okay.
Tina Marie: all right, Southco, though working 5 HA week with Mark. We don't know what he does.
Tina Marie: They do.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, I know what he does, but like it's
Dan: he just he's like sort of that second voice, or whatever. And blah blah.
Tina Marie: Oh, does he do? Second voice.
Dan: I mean, I think they were a lot of them. No, no, he's like they run shit by him, and he's like, Hey.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: He does like case review, I guess, and then he's also, you know. Then he runs that
Dan: litigation department with Nick, or whatever
Dan: or whoever whoever the little his minion is.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Where's some of my just oops
Tina Marie: things that for me to think about. Salco violence helps with mitigation and advice
Tina Marie: is Saco, he's married right. But does he have kids.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: How many kids does she have? Are they all grown.
Dan: No?
Dan: 2, and I think so. Marley is maybe in 7th grade, and
Dan: Casey is still in elementary school, but he's he's probably like 5, th maybe 4, th or 5.th
Tina Marie: Oh, wow!
Dan: Something like that.
Tina Marie: Is he like? Does he spend time with his family? Is he like cause? He always sounds like a workaholic. That's why I'm asking.
Dan: Oh, yeah, he goes to all the events. And you know Casey plays basketball and Marley she
Dan: I don't know if she does dressage, or she just rides horses. They bought a horse
Dan: so like he just they just bought a horse not too long ago.
Tina Marie: I must find it.
Tina Marie: They got more stuff.
Dan: They go on like he's a skier. Well, not so much because he got his hip replaced. But
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: They go on ski trips and stuff. His wife's from Canada
Dan: so but so sometimes they, the wife and kids will go to Canada or Mexico without him, because her parents are in either of those places. But he goes a bunch of the times, too, depending
Dan: And then his whole thing is like, you know, he he has, like a
Dan: co-working type deal, not Co working, but, like, you know, an executive office type setup.
Dan: So he has an office. He used to have a dedicated office, but he got rid of that or the building got sold.
Dan: and so he goes to the executive Office X amount of
Dan: time per week. And he's super regimented about working out. So like he does a bunch of work while working out. Essentially.
Dan: But yeah, he's.
Tina Marie: Figure it out like one of those just built differently. People.
Dan: Yeah. He's very disciplined.
Tina Marie: But he must have. I mean, there's a lot that goes with that, including.
Dan: I mean. Andy runs his own, you know he has a firm, but he has 0 interest in like a mark firm. So he has clients, and he's also he also
Dan: consults for another firm like he does for mark where he like helps the dude
Dan: run the cases, or whatever
Dan: it's an older pi guy that. And the guy wants him to take over the firm. And maybe he's gonna do it. Maybe he's not.
Dan: He's been. He's been helping that guy for years.
Tina Marie: Is he a genius?
Dan: He's a good lawyer.
Tina Marie: That's not the question.
Dan: No, I mean, I just think he's a really good lawyer like he's got a lot of experience, and he's got a really
Dan: great network because he's been doing it so like he
Dan: when he started and he worked for Sherman. So his dad was partners with Sherman. Who is this dude
Dan: Sherman was big in the mass port world
Dan: early, and there were not a lot of people in that world. And so Salco worked, you know, under that guy in the late nineties.
Dan: and then, as a result of that.
Dan: you know, got associated and made a name for himself in that space. And then that's how I got involved with them.
Dan: And then he's a good.
Dan: He's a good lawyer like he's really good at like seeing shit that
Dan: other lawyers don't see, and and then and then he's like very calculated in, you know, executing it, or whatever.
Tina Marie: Was he ever in the military.
Dan: No.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: No, he went to. I think he went to Ucsd.
Dan: and then I forget where he went to law school.
Dan: But you know his Dad was a lawyer, so then he, you know, became a lawyer.
Dan: He's an only child.
Tina Marie: That explains a lot.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: That actually explains a lot. Okay, not just 1st born, but only child. Okay.
Dan: Yeah. And then, like his grandfather, is like.
Dan: like old Hollywood, famous old Hollywood, to the point where, like.
Dan: you know, in the eighties, seventies and eighties. They people would hear last name, Salco, and they'd be like, wait, are you the blah blah Salco? And he'd be like, yep.
Dan: so like I think his grandfather was like President of, you know, universal, or some shit.
Tina Marie: Wow! That's crazy.
Dan: Yeah. So he's he knows tons of celebrities. He doesn't like that world.
Tina Marie: How did he and Mark meet.
Dan: Mark work. Mark ran
Dan: that phone room. So even though Mark's a lawyer, Mark was not a lawyer, prior.
Dan: maybe Mark would probably hate me saying it like this. But
Dan: even though Mark is a lawyer, Mark was not a lawyer at the law firm that he worked for before he was started, Sweetlaw, before Steve plucked him out and said, I'm gonna build a law firm with your name on it. Mark was basically
Dan: the head of intake with a law degree.
Dan: He did not represent clients.
Dan: so he sort of like ran the phone room. And then he, I think that's how Selco and he met, or they met
Dan: through some sort of event.
Dan: And then Selco, essentially.
Dan: Mark would never cop to this. But it's the absolute fucking truth. Salco took mark under his wing
Dan: and was like, Okay, I'm gonna he basically mentored Mark and paid him thousands of dollars a month
Dan: to be there. And so they did that for years.
Dan: until Steve came up with this Cockamamie scheme about building a law firm around Mark.
Dan: which failed on its outset, and then he like.
Dan: But like the the setup was this like when it was all going down South was like.
Dan: Steve is gonna fuck mark and leave him holding the bag and like just bail. And he did. But Mark managed to not manage to like pull it out.
Dan: It like Steve left with didn't give a shit whether Mark lived or died, swim, swim, or drown.
Dan: And Mark pulled it off because he had these couple vendors
Dan: that he had found right. The the plan was that Steve was gonna fund. The blah blah and most of the leads were gonna come from Google ads. And I was like dude that shit house
Dan: his. He does not know how to run Google ads. And they spend a lot of money on Google ads. And it did not work.
Dan: So then the numbers didn't look good to Steve right.
Dan: So then he he bailed, and then he went and bought another brand, which coincidentally happened to have the word sweet in it, which was really funny.
Tina Marie: What? What was the brand?
Dan: That other firm that we're the billboard Guy.
Tina Marie: Not sweet, James.
Dan: Yes. So then then he went and bought sweet James.
Tina Marie: The the what's his face? The one that Steve bought sweet James.
Dan: Yes.
Tina Marie: Know that.
Dan: Oh, yeah.
Tina Marie: You guys probably told me this. But every time these types of conversations start, we're.
Dan: Well, it's hard. Yeah. It would hard for be hard for you to follow that.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Dan: Great train of thought, like as a wait. What? Who, what?
Tina Marie: The conversation is never linear, like it has been like, you've just been going over a timeline for me. And
Tina Marie: yeah, yeah, it's not
Tina Marie: happened like that. But that's really useful context, like, really, I don't even understand. If Mark understands how rare
Tina Marie: his growth and trajectory is. Speaking of newness and entrepreneurship, and like I'm trying to explain to him how good Tona is doing, and of course he's always nothing's good enough, big enough, whatever, and I don't think that he realizes
Tina Marie: how much pressure that can put on somebody, especially a woman, and especially a wife.
Tina Marie: And it it's good in a way, right, because
Tina Marie: it will extract out of her something nobody else would be able to do. No one. And I think that that's the great thing about powerful partners. But it's all. It's a double edged sword kind of thing.
Tina Marie: But this is not anywhere near normal.
Tina Marie: like I've seen this type of thing over and over again. But I'm aware of exceptional that that I work with exceptional people like a huge reason why my results. It would be impossible for my results to be so exceptional without exceptional people, because they'll just do things differently. But that is not normal for him to have survived that.
Tina Marie: then been able to succeed, and then to have the multiples that he's had especially well, kind of doing so little.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah, totally.
Tina Marie: This is just not normal by any means.
Dan: Nope.
Dan: Not at all.
Tina Marie: Well, I know that that felt like a probably a big tangent, but it actually is
Tina Marie: really helpful and revealing to me to understand even more
Tina Marie: what is possible, and probably more the value of
Tina Marie: Mark and the people that he talks to, because there's no way he would have been successful without
Tina Marie: you, without Salco like it's in him. But what is in him in in huge part, is who he talks to, and how he talks to them.
Dan: For sure. Yeah, yep.
Dan: And I mean, that's why I always thought it was
Dan: funny that he does. He's so reticent to
Dan: like do something with Salko. I'm like, I don't know. I mean, you've been doing it with him, I mean, I get it like now it's like, Oh, the cake is already baked, or whatever, and I'm like I don't. You know.
Tina Marie: It may also be along the lines of, I don't want to get married because we'll ruin our relationship. Type of thinking.
Dan: No, it's more auto. Salco is a very
Dan: has a lot of presence, even though he's a small dude like he's not a tall guy, but he's like a he's like a little bulldog.
Tina Marie: I got that on the one call we had together.
Dan: Is jacked.
Dan: And
Dan: you know, Mark is romper room, and Selco is not romper room right, although Mark is moving away from Romper room. So I think that was really the thing is that it would cramp mark style.
Dan: But Mark's style is changing, so maybe that'll change.
Tina Marie: You know. What's funny is that if you look up, Richard Salco, sweet law stuff comes up the most.
Dan: Oh, yeah, Salko's not, doesn't really put himself out there as well. Everything he gets is referral. He doesn't advertise. He never has.
Dan: It's all referral.
Tina Marie: So like I'm looking at it, and I'm going to images, and there's him some other dude a yelp review, socolaw.com then, sweetlaw.com, then a picture, and that's Mark's hero image, then it's Mark's image, then it's Salco Law, some other dude. Then it's Patrick, then Salco Law. Then mark again like, and then Nick Tyler. No, I think that one's Tyler.
Tina Marie: I'm gonna do.
Dan: Neck. It's Tyler.
Tina Marie: Big, thick neck. Well, I mean Patrick has a thicker neck than that.
Dan: Does, he.
Tina Marie: Lives in the gym. He's such a cute little boy. He's like 28, or 29, but like
Tina Marie: I'm almost old enough to be his mother, he but he reminds me of my brother. Anyway, I'm just. He just looks like a little boy to me.
Tina Marie: cute little boy.
Tina Marie: but he's a grown man. I have to remember that, and not treat him like a little boy.
Tina Marie: I think I might call him kiddo on calls sometimes it's probably not professional, but you know what Tina's a little different.
Dan: It happens.
Tina Marie: It does feel like I don't know. I love everybody, and they fit in something. They're either like brother basically or kid and or sister, you know that type of thing. But
Tina Marie: okay, so that was helpful.
Tina Marie: I know we're working on Touchbot. Which I think so, for Mark.
Tina Marie: it all comes down to the the, to the thing
Tina Marie: to focus on. For me when we're talking is
Tina Marie: what is optimizable, that we're not optimizing. And there is definitely room in
Tina Marie: on the law side of it, right on on his team.
Tina Marie: And I learn a lot about that every week from Lorenz.
Tina Marie: His stats are improving significantly.
Tina Marie: and I don't get to talk to his team, and we've only been working together 6 months, which you know, is mostly groundwork, right?
Dan: Yep.
Tina Marie: I think that this year's compounding is gonna be awesome because the things that they're doing, the way that they're the structure of their meetings. They're doing role playing for call control now.
Tina Marie: and they like it. So they used to not be on video. And they used to be very quiet. You. You've been on meetings where people don't participate, I'm sure, right.
Dan: Oh, yeah.
Tina Marie: Yeah, they're super productive. Right?
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: So now, because they're doing role playing and stuff they have to put their cameras on. And that wasn't going over very well. But then they really got into it, because Mike Mike was a ham, and Mike was playing, you know, the difficult client, and they just all just kind of like that was so fun to them.
Tina Marie: But fun in
Tina Marie: just, you know, the a good productive way, so like he had veery veery just never said anything. She came in. She did her work. She went home, but she was basically like a Chihuahua, just like
Tina Marie: shaking intimidated kind of energy, like she was scared of losing her job. Kind of like the way Lorenz was all the way up, until maybe just a few months ago. I think I'm finally starting to get him out of that. But when people are scared they're not performing in an excellent way. They're not performing anywhere near their potential because they're too worried about screwing up to try to play great.
Tina Marie: So getting Lorenz out of his shell and building him up. And he's getting his team out of their shells. You know the energy is shifting. So Lorenz's biggest issue was pace. Well, I think the biggest reason he is slow is not his brain. I think it's his fear.
Tina Marie: and I'm good at getting people out of there scared, you know, and he is coming out and feeling stronger and better.
Tina Marie: He's always going to probably overanalyze things. But he's spending more time actually working and doing and learning that you can't do all the things that you think about right. So pick the one that's going to get you the furthest, the fastest, with the most compounding, most leverage all that stuff.
Tina Marie: and he finally just kind of hit that stride
Tina Marie: were February really, last month. I feel like so
Tina Marie: he was doing good, but then December just slapped him, and he's too sensitive to take a blow of bad numbers and not let it spill into the rest of the months.
Tina Marie: But they had a huge well. He's been measuring his wins right, and they've been starting to celebrate wins which is forcing him to pay attention to it and the whole purpose. The whole reason I want people to celebrate wins is because of the power and the energy. It's really difficult to stay depressed and focusing on the negative things. When you are in the practice of
Tina Marie: celebrating the good things like, even if you're faking it like the science shows that if you smile, even though you're faking it eventually it becomes real, and your body starts to produce the same type of chemicals that it does when you're actually happy. So faking it actually, you know, in that in that space works.
Tina Marie: But last week Mark second voiced for him
Tina Marie: and they got a 7 figure settlement case.
Tina Marie: So he's already met his 2025 goal. I don't think he did that. I don't know if he's ever done that.
Dan: Nice.
Tina Marie: Yeah. So anyway. And then and then there's Patrick, and Patrick is new. And I actually haven't been talking to him for the last 3 weeks, because Hank bailed, and Patrick got all of his cases, which put Patrick at having the most open cases out of anybody in suite law.
Tina Marie: How great do you think that that was? And I'm being completely sarcastic.
Dan: Yeah. Not great.
Tina Marie: Right, not great. So he's just buckling, and he's preparing to take the Nevada boards.
Dan: Oh, really.
Tina Marie: Bar. Board, yeah. Bar.
Dan: Yeah, yeah.
Tina Marie: Bar exam, yeah. So he's got a lot going on. But
Tina Marie: all that's to say, like, you know, talking about Mark and his team like. It is difficult to find the people to keep the people. And there are issues. But there's some great stuff going on, and a lot of it is Mark's willingness to invest in them to go get training. That Black Swan training definitely did something. The grief counseling training was helpful to them.
Tina Marie: He doesn't touch a lot of things, and he doesn't touch them frequently. But what he does
Tina Marie: do has some good benefits. So that's good. Okay, let's wrap up with
Tina Marie: mom, really, I guess. Oh, another 71, just anything cool to report because it's been
Tina Marie: interesting, to say the least.
Dan: Just like.
Dan: So I had, I think I had the realization. I was like, Okay, well, we're doing like 35 a day.
Dan: And then
Dan: it's basically like 50, 50, 67 to 87 more and more people are upgrading from 67 to 87. So like, we had 12 people upgrade last week.
Tina Marie: Oh, look at that, Jeff!
Dan: So. And that's like from inside the Dojo, basically
Dan: And then
Dan: so you know, we'll finish March. And then I was like, Oh, man. You know, we're not even in the high season. So
Dan: we're not gonna know what's really happening until the end of August.
Dan: So like, I was just talking to Jeff today. And I was like, I wonder if I could figure out what I think is gonna happen based on what has happened
Dan: right? If we got a 10% increase in the slow season, what is the normal increase in the high season? And then, if I just throw another 10 on top of that is that 40? Is that 38? Is that like
Dan: it's actually probably 38, or 39. Now that I do it in my head.
Dan: Which would be great. But then I'm like, why, even bother doing that? I just have to wait. So subscription business equals waiting, that's all there is to it.
Tina Marie: And then.
Dan: There's like the whole.
Dan: The whole idea of it, you know
Dan: the conservative estimate is that it will take 19 months to churn out
Dan: core 67 people that make up our customer base right now.
Dan: So, but that number is even higher, because I tried to do that math on another 71. And I think I said
Dan: I might have this wrong.
Dan: I wanna say, Oh, yeah, they're all gonna be gone by like last last November. But I actually think it was the November before. So like even when I tried to do the math of like when it would drain out to 0, it still isn't 0. There are still people in there.
Tina Marie: Was it the one before, or the one before, that? It's been a while? Damn.
Dan: I don't even know but it I was wrong.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: So you I don't think you can actually do that math.
Dan: Therefore the 19 months is conservative. At best. It's based on the perfect perfect world scenario, like, everything goes exactly according to plan or according to math.
Dan: So I'm like, okay, so what? You're 24, you're 28 months
Dan: from actually knowing what what this is doing now. Granted
Dan: by the end of August you can say we now have an X per year business.
Dan: you know I but I don't know what that number is.
Tina Marie: No.
Dan: So yeah, it's good stuff.
Dan: That's what I was telling Denise. Denise last night was like.
Dan: so like, Are you retired? I go kind of.
Tina Marie: Kind of yeah.
Dan: I'm like, in a way like.
Tina Marie: I just do puzzles.
Dan: Yeah, I'm like, sort of.
Tina Marie: Before we go out you're gonna come back. Okay? She wants to drop herself off. Okay, I love you. Can. I have hugs when you come back.
Tina Marie: Are you coming in? Okay, okay.
Tina Marie: just making sure it wasn't the gas chamber I'm getting. I'm getting. Oh, Hi!
Tina Marie: Oh, my gosh, Hi! That's my child. Okay, she's leaving to go get my other child. Yeah. So what did she say when you answered like that?
Dan: I don't, you know. I don't think she totally gets it.
Tina Marie: Has she ever, though? Because, like the we don't actually like when you describe the money that you have.
Dan: Well, and then she was like, So are you. So you guys don't want to sell it. Now I go. No, I still want to sell it, but
Dan: we can't sell it for 28 months like we would be selling.
Dan: I mean, maybe we could. We certainly can't sell it.
Dan: Well, no, we can't, because we're
Dan: I don't know. I have to do the math. I have to figure out like, how do I actually figure out
Dan: there's the 35 customers a day thing, I mean, that's the other thing is in the.
Tina Marie: 3.7, and have see how.
Dan: Subscribers keep going up right? So I'm like, Oh, you'd have to redo that math, and then you'd have to do the math of like, what does it look? So I could do the math.
Tina Marie: I'll do.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I mean, in August, I can do the math of oh, this is our ceiling. Our ceiling is really not based on 39 a day. Our ceiling is 4,800 subscribers.
Dan: And then I could take that and go. Okay, 4,800 blah blah, it's 4.2 million a year, whatever the hell it is
Dan: so. But you might not be
Dan: actually getting 4.2 million until this other process underneath is churning out.
Dan: So it might be. You might have a 4.2 million dollar
Dan: business in the calculator. But you have to wait for these things to come to fruition like
Dan: you need that.
Tina Marie: Have those multiples like showing up for the valuation to work right.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, or or you would have to explain it to someone to go. This is what's happening like.
Dan: and it would show up in the numbers, because the number would keep going up, even though
Dan: the revenue should keep going up, even though the subscribers don't.
Tina Marie: And your ability to explain that to somebody who doesn't understand it, just increase exponentially with Grok, so that you know, rather than taking your word for it, something that they can't understand, and they would only be able to either take your word for it or not. There would be another source to go to.
Dan: I'm having a very deep discussion with Grock right now about
Dan: creating funds to sign artists to like basically to have like a private equity approach to working with artists under Mom.
Dan: So I've been talking to crack about that since last night.
Tina Marie: Haven't haven't gotten the math yet.
Dan: I it's it's super helpful. I'll I'll read things and go. Oh, okay, I gotta consider. Oh, I should. I should mention this.
Dan: I'm trying to get to.
Dan: Well, and to me the play is
Dan: so I'm trying to model this out. You could have multiple funds. But I'm like, well, you gotta start with the one that's got a the most potential
Dan: or the one not even potential. The one that's actually cash flowing potential would be a new artist like oh, I love their sound, whatever! Who gives a shit? There's no numbers. You gotta start with the ones that got numbers. So like Lansdown a good example. Taproots, a good example.
Dan: And then it's like, Okay, well, if they're doing
Dan: $4,000 a month in streaming. And I want to get an investor. I got to promise the investor 12 to 15% return
Dan: is 4 grand, even enough.
Dan: And then if I'm offering them 12 to 15% return.
Dan: That's over what period of time
Dan: and then in a PE situation, usually you exit. But I'm like, we're we're not necessarily going to exit. Because if an artist really increases over time, then it becomes cash flow. So you're really building to cash flow, or you're building to a potential exit. So you'd have to position it like that.
Dan: because P. And E is definitely like, Hey, here's your money. We're gonna sell it in 7 years, or whatever.
Dan: So the question is, if I
Dan: take one of these distressed assets is what I'm calling in what's what's my floor
Dan: right there. There's a level of what it's not gonna work. They're making a thousand bucks a month. I'm guessing that won't plug into the model. Very well.
Dan: And then what am I getting right? If I'm offering if I'm giving an investor 12 to 15%. Well, what does Mom make
Dan: from that? I don't know.
Dan: It's a lot of math.
Dan: So we're mathing it up right now.
Tina Marie: I like natural.
Tina Marie: Want to at least like big mess on a kid on that side.
Dan: Well.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay, I just got probably more Dorky than I need to be.
Tina Marie: I like that. So let me just think for a second.
Tina Marie: I can't. There it's all it's it's 1 of those weeks ending where everything's in progress.
Tina Marie: And
Tina Marie: you're already working on it all the all the things. So I don't have great questions to ask you today, because you're in the middle of it.
Dan: Don't!
Tina Marie: It's interesting, though, too, the one thing that I've noticed and this is
Tina Marie: hard to explain to other people.
Tina Marie: That it so how do I say this?
Tina Marie: You don't get
Tina Marie: Big Bang type conversations or actions for the most part, whether it be in business or life in growth. But what you get is like
Tina Marie: catalyst points, and they in and of themselves don't feel like anything big or exciting.
Tina Marie: But what they are is the that little spark. But when somebody does something with it, it turns into something huge. And it's these
Tina Marie: pivotal questions, but also
Tina Marie: Then then it's the follow up research like. It's almost always that. So like, if I ask a question, your answer almost every time is, I got to go look that up. I got to go look into that.
Tina Marie: And then, and it's the same thing for me, like if I get a thought that it isn't the thought that does the thing. It's doing some research and then kind of starting down the path. And it's interesting to me because you can't
Tina Marie: force those things to happen. They're not in a linear path. They're in an exploratory path.
Tina Marie: and I find that there are people so like Fuji, for example.
Tina Marie: I talk a lot, and he wants to clip conversations. He doesn't do it so much anymore, because he's learned that he can't give me short answers, and he can't keep cutting me off because he would cut me off a lot.
Tina Marie: and I would say, you, you really need to let this whole thing play out or not be here because
Tina Marie: it's in this depth that there's stuff and it like I said, it's not linear like, you just kind of have to meander in the conversation. It just really annoys a lot of people. But that's really where something happens. And I kind of think that that's the magic of the entrepreneur brain, because generally they're Adhd types and they aren't linear.
Tina Marie: And they.
Dan: Yes.
Tina Marie: Get annoyed by the linear rather than the other way around, anyway. Just kind of like
Tina Marie: having kind of a new awareness or a new, more, I guess, specific words and language and understanding like you have kind of that awareness in a ambiguous.
Tina Marie: like an internal understanding way, but being able to
Tina Marie: put words to it, label it, and
Tina Marie: consider the the behavior like. What are the signals that people give that say I am this type of person, and I will behave this type of way versus the ones that say, I am this type of person, and I am incapable of operating that type of way, but like potentially and not for sure. Elisa, right, who
Tina Marie: went from? Who, who, for all intents and purposes has been a
Tina Marie: company person. Right? So the company starts with school
Tina Marie: because we're bred to be that, and then secondary school. And then corporate world right like, that's that's what we are. And a lot of times. Those employee type mindsets are just.
Tina Marie: I don't know. It's hard to explore, and they can't always
Tina Marie: break out of that, either, because of the way that they think.
Tina Marie: meaning the way that they're wired to think as an ability or lack thereof.
Tina Marie: or the way that they think because of the way that they've been trained to think, and the fear of thinking otherwise. Does that make sense.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Anyway, I was just contemplating probably are the ones.
Dan: Oh, yeah, I'll go talk to Grock, and it'll be like, Thank you.
Tina Marie: I'm annoyed with Grok Grok wasted my time, and I had to correct it, and I'm like how stupid I should not be out thinking you on this. You're a coder. I'm not. And they're like, Yeah, you're right.
Dan: Yeah, I think it's just really good. It's the best I've seen for data analysis. It's insane.
Dan: How good it like I got it to do something yesterday. And I'm like, if this works I'm gonna fucking. This will blow my mind. Chat, Gpt. I can't even get to count the number of words correctly like, how many words does this appear in the spreadsheet? They can't do it.
Dan: This I was like. I gave it 3 spreadsheets, and I noticed that one spreadsheet was missing, a column that the others had, which was the Tiktok, the actual Tiktok URL.
Dan: But the scrape data had these other Urls that were from the scraper.
Dan: and I looked at those, and and I realized, oh, the very last bit of the URL after the final dash
Dan: is actually the Tiktok video. Id. So I was like, Hey.
Tina Marie: Oh, you need that.
Dan: I go, hey? This is you. If you look at this, the the video Id is here in this in this column, and I go, and you know it. It knows it knew the structure of what a Tiktok URL is, which is Tiktok user, username video Id. And I go. And if you look, here's an example of it working from the other sheet I go. Can you just build the Urls now? And it was like, Oh, that's a really good catch. Here you go.
Dan: and I was like I was like, give me one and see, I'll tell you if it works. And it went out and it worked. Okay, now give me all of them.
Dan: I was like, thank God, I don't have to go re-scrape this fucking thing which I was dreading.
Tina Marie: Why, cause I haven't ever done any scraping of anything. But can't some of the tools the AI tools just do that now.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, I that's I use some scraper thing, but I don't know why this one call I must have accidentally deleted it had so many columns, and I and I like
Dan: must have deleted it by accident. I didn't realize it was missing. I was like, why, and then I went and looked at the original source, and I was like, shit the columns gone.
Dan: and then I was like, there's no way for me to get that back.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: Other than other than to rescrape it, and I did not want to do that because it would take forever. But it built the Urls. They all worked, and then I moved along.
Dan: Oh, okay, so it's time consuming. That makes sense, though. Oh, yeah.
Dan: it would take like, you gotta go. I got to another software run the script, set it up, run the scrape, wait for it, download it. It's like when the data was right there. I was like, oh, if it could do this, it would be great, and it did it.
Tina Marie: I'm trying to see what pydantic with Archon and Lane Graph can do together, because there's some autonomy in it. There's a lot of strategy pre-built in the libraries. And at least that's what has been around for like the last 2 years, and they've been improving it for the last 2 years kind of quietly. Well, not a lot of people knew about it.
Tina Marie: But
Tina Marie: yeah, but I but I don't know until I experience myself, because you know how people like to hype things up. What's also interesting to me, though, is how people like, oh, this one's so good! I'm firing the rest of them like. Do you understand that they all have different skill sets.
Dan: That's what it yep, totally.
Tina Marie: Yeah. And I'm like for you to just be like, I don't want to pay $20 a month, or I don't even want to pay $200 a month. I'm like, if you can't make that thing earn you. Your money back. And I'm talking about these are, you know, supposedly 7 figure earners. I'm like, you're really looking at it wrong, like you're the same person that wants to pay somebody $5 an hour for something that is worth, you know, thousands or even millions to you like that. Just that's such stupid math.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: But you know how I feel about these things, anyway. Okay, I will be quiet. You, sir, have a good day and a good weekend. Thank you for your patience and your flexibility. Appreciate you.
Dan: Do you.
Tina Marie: Have a good day.
Dan: All right. You, too.
Tina Marie: Purple.
Dan: Yellow.
Tina Marie: Bye.